Christian Walther CLA Friend 2010-11-04 09:05:28 EDT

Quitting and restarting Eclipse does not work around the problem for me
(so the problem I have is probably unrelated to bug 244060), however
removing and re-adding the feature does. Specifically, my observations
(in Eclipse 3.6.1 build 20100617-1415) seem to suggest the following:

In an update site project, site.xml Editor, "Site Map" tab, list under
"Managing the Site":

- When a feature is displayed as "features/ch.indel.idev_0.1.0.jar", the
project is broken and clicking "Build All" will produce an update site
in which the respective feature is uncategorized (even though it is
inside a category in the list).

- When the feature is displayed as "ch.indel.idev (0.1.0)", "Build All"
will produce a correct update site with the feature properly
categorized.

- To bring a feature from the broken into the correct state, delete it
from the list, then use "Add Feature" to add it again, and drag it into
the correct category again. Clicking "Build All" immediately after that
will generate a correct build product, but will transform the feature
into the broken state again, so you have to repeat the exercise before
the next build.

(By the way, this looks like a duplicate of bug 283154 to me. And the
problem I have is definitely on the update site creation side, not on
the side of installing from the created update site, as can easily be
verified by examining the content.xml in the built content.jar. So, not
related to bug 268893.)


Christian Walther CLA Friend 2010-11-04 10:05:55 EDT

Update after playing around some more: What seems to make up the
difference between the "broken" and "working" states is the replacement
of the "qualifier" in the feature version (which I left out in the
previous comment in a misguided attempt to save space).

This is the site.xml after newly adding the feature and will build correctly (once):

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<site>
   <description name="iDev" url="http://indel.dyndns.org/idev">
      Indel AG developer center
   </description>
   <feature url="features/ch.indel.idev.feature_0.1.0.qualifier.jar" id="ch.indel.idev.feature" version="0.1.0.qualifier">
      <category name="ch.indel.idev.updatesite.category"/>
   </feature>
   <category-def name="ch.indel.idev.updatesite.category" label="Indel iDev">
      <description>
         Indel AG developer center
      </description>
   </category-def>
</site>

Building with the above site.xml will transform it into the one below,
which (on all subsequent attempts) will not build correctly (i.e. the
feature, in newly built version e.g. 0.1.0.201011041443, will be part of
the built update site, but not categorized - probably site.xml still
lists the previous version 0.1.0.201011041440 at the relevant time and
is only updated to the new version later, or something):

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<site>
   <description name="iDev" url="http://indel.dyndns.org/idev">
      Indel AG developer center
   </description>
   <feature url="features/ch.indel.idev.feature_0.1.0.201011041440.jar" id="ch.indel.idev.feature" version="0.1.0.201011041440">
      <category name="ch.indel.idev.updatesite.category"/>
   </feature>
   <category-def name="ch.indel.idev.updatesite.category" label="Indel iDev">
      <description>
         Indel AG developer center
      </description>
   </category-def>
</site>
